The directories in the fnal repository are listed and described here.

The environment variable FNALROOT must be set to the fnal directory.
A 'make setup' will setup the library directories and the proper links
in the include directory.  See the Makefile for details on how to
create the libraries.


	basic_toolkit -- Classes that provide some basic calculation
			 tools, like "Barnacle", some basic physics 
			 constants, Frame, etc.

	physics_toolkit -- Classes that provide some basic beam-physics 
			calculations, like "Edwards-Teng", 
			"FindCovariance" and FPSSolver.

	beamline -- An accelerator object class library. This
		    was delevoped by Leo Michelotti.

	mxxptlk  -- An automatic differentiation class library This
			was delevoped by Leo Michelotti.

	server   -- A class library and applications for the model server.

	sybase   -- A class libary and aplications for using the Sybase Open 
                        Client Libary.

	socket   -- The socket++ class library.

	tcl      -- A class library and scripts to use tcl with c++.

	mc       -- A class library and applications for beam loss monte carlo.

        filter   -- A group of routines that can be applied to
                        beamlines to modify them.

	visitor  -- Implements some classes that use the visitor(331) 
		    design pattern.

	integrator -- A class library of beam physics calculations of 
		      various sorts, like "Runge-Kutta" and "Symplectic."

	lib      -- All the libraries for these classes are held here.  
		    You create this directory by running "make setup:.

	vms_side -- Code that is actually used on the VAX/VMS machines of 
			the Fermilab control system, including the various
			on-line models (OLMs) and open-access models (OAMs).

	www      -- Web pages relevant to this effort

	machines -- The various particle beam machines at Fermilab:
	
	machines/Machine  -- The Machine base class for all of these

	machines/mi       -- A class library and applications for work with
			     the Fermilab Main Injector. Accepts 8 GeV,
			     accelerates up to 150 GeV.

	machines/mi_8gev  -- the beamline that goes from the Fermilab 
			     Booster to the Fermilab Main Injector.  
			     Note that this beamline is dominated by 
			     permanent magnets

	machines/accumulator -- the Fermilab p-bar source's 8 GeV accumulator

	machines/booster  -- the Fermilab 0.4 - 8 GeV Booster

	machines/recycler -- the Fermilab 8 GeV Recycler.

	machines/swyd     -- the Fermilab Tevatron and Switchyard 
			     beamlines at 800 GeV.

	machines/tev      -- the Fermilab 1.0 TeV Tevatron.


A Braun, 1997
Updated by E McCrory November, 1998.
